FAQ: GV50
──────────────────────────────────────────────────
GV50
Warranty
BenQ Projector Warranty Information
Dear Customers,
Kindly refer to the warranty details applicable for BenQ products in India. If you have any queries, kindly refer to the contact details below. We request you to also review the General Terms & Conditions listed below.
Mail us at Customer Support：
Service-In@BenQ.com
Customer Care No: 1800-419-9979 (Monday to Saturday 9:30am to 6:00pm)
Mandatory information required for call registration:
RMA No
to be issued by CC team
Customer Name
Customer Address
City / District / state / Pincode*
Landmark if any
Contact No* / Alternate No
E-mail id if possible
Model No
Serial No* (13 digit)
Nature of fault
Note: PIN code / Contact No / Serial No is mandatory
POP if product exceed the warranty Period
Enquiry for the purchase of any BenQ Genuine Accessories and Consumable items viz LAMP, DMD, 3D Glass, Interactive Pen, Wireless Dongle etc can be sent to
service-in@benq.com
and we will assist you.
BenQ Warranty Policy
1. Customer can call on BenQ toll free number 1800 419 9979 or send the product details and customer contact details on
to log the complaint.
2. For any BenQ's product fails within 7 days from purchase date with the proof of original receipt or invoice, BenQ will provide 1 to 1 Replacement to end users based on the product's warranty policy after product been verified by contacting
BenQ Authorised Service Providers Click here>>).
product must be in full packaging & without any physical damage on the product. If the sent in unit is NDF (No Defect Found), BenQ reserve the right to return the original unit to End User.
3. Carry-in Warranty: End Users are requested to send their products to service center to avail warranty service support.
4. On-site Pick up Service: This is available with respect to the product covered by BenQ's On-site Pick up Warranty only and located within local area. On-site pick up service must be scheduled within office hours. End users are required to pay for the extra transportation charge at prevailing price on request of service for non working hours.
5. Preventive Maintenance is not a part of standard warranty support hence consumer should take care of Preventive Maintenance by their own because its requirement is depends on the site condition and environment where the Product is installed and operated. BenQ will provide onsite support only for breakdown calls during the usage of the products.
For any requirement of firmware upgradation in Video Projectors and Gaming / CAD-CAM Monitors the support will be carry-in only i.e the user should carry the products to the nearest service center.
BenQ Authorised Service Providers Click here>>)
*All prices, products, terms & conditions are subject to change without notice. Some BenQ national subsidiary may provide longer warranty period and/or services such as on-site pickup or on-site repair. In such country, the exclusions or limitations of this generic warranty may not apply to you. You may also have other warranties and services that vary from country to country. You are advised to consult your local BenQ Office for a full determination of your rights.
General Terms and Conditions
1. BenQ warrants the product you have purchased from BenQ or BenQ distributor, reseller, or vendor (Authorized partners) to be free from manufacturing defects in material and workmanship under normal use. Your sales receipt is your proof of purchase of the product and the warranty period commences as of that date or manufacturing date +3 Months, which is earlier. This warranty extends only to the original purchase and is non-transferable.
2. BenQ India does not provide any overseas regional warranty on Projectors, LCDM LTV and DSC. The Overseas Warranty is applicable only for Joybook ( JBK) purchased with International Warranty from an authorized seller. The Overseas warranty is subject to the verification of the BenQ Invoice TW m the country from where it has been purchased.
3. During the warranty period as indicated above, BenQ will, at no additional charge, replace defective parts or products with new parts or serviceable parts or products that are equivalent to new parts or products in performance. All replaced or exchanged parts which are removed under this warranty will become the property of BenQ.
4. Software related faults resulting from incorrect installation of software (except where the software is installed by a BenQ), the failure of the product to perform any purpose other than its intended purpose and viruses or bugs shall not be considered as product faults.
5. It is your responsibility to maintain useable archival back-ups of all data and to reload all software following any maintenance or repair work.
6. Parts, products and software not supplied by BenQ, whether installed or attached to the product are not covered by this product warranty.
7. Availability of service and response-time estimates for any given case may vary according to the remoteness or accessibility of product location.
8. BenQ at its option may invalidate this warranty and/or decline a warranty claim if the defect claimed has arisen for any reason other than defective  parts or workmanship. Circumstances in which BenQ may invalidate a warranty claim include but are not limited to the following:
Accidental damage, misuse, or abuse of the product
For any bug/dust/dirt appeared on the panel (blackish / greyish) may be appeared due to environmental condition (Sometime rainy days, the panel   has  temperature, when environment has moisture and air dust (between cell glass and Film) combined together, panel very easy to has this   symptom)
Use of the product within an improper or inappropriate operating environment; like grounding ( earthing) issue, heavy dust; improper shutdown etc
Non Genuine BenQ consumables were used with the projector
The installation, maintenance or usage is not as per BenQ standards
It is defect or damage caused by computer virus attack, natural disaster, use of third party accessories, optional products or consumables
Improper use / usage not in accordance with product instructions or poor handling by customer
Unreasonable or excessive use
Act of God, fire, flood, act of violence or any similar occurrence.
Modification of the product that has not been authorized by BenQ in writing
The serial number or warranty seal of the product being removed or defaced
The product being serviced or repaired by anyone other than an Authorized Service Provider
A claim for missing software or accessories not reported within 7 working days after purchase
Images burnt into a CRT display as a result of a failure to use power saving or screen savers
Changes in the normal settings of the product and Normal wear and tear
Any form of physical damages and CID (customer induced defect)
Warranty support will be applicable for the products imported / marketed by BenQ India Pvt. Ltd. only
Warranty Period
Product / Accessories
Warranty period
Service type
LCD/ ESD Monitors
39 months from the date of manufacturing or  36 months from the date of   invoice  (POP)  whichever is earlier
Onsite
PDP/ IFP/ Digital Signage
39 months from the date of manufacturing or  36 months from the date of invoice (POP) whichever is earlier
LCD /LED Televisions
15 months from the date of manufacturing or 12 months from the date of invoice (POP) whichever is earlier
Projectors
27 months from the date of manufacturing or  24 months from the date of invoice (POP)  whichever is earlier
Lamp:
6 months or 500 hours whichever is earlier (Purchased up to 31st Jul 2019)
12 months or 1000 hours whichever is earlier (Purchased from 1st Aug 2019)
LED Projector - GP1/GP2/GP10
27 months from the date of manufacturing or  24 months from the date of invoice (POP) whichever is earlier
Carry in
Laser Projector
27 months from the date of manufacturing or  24 months from the date of invoice (POP) whichever is earlier. (Purchased up to 31st Dec 2018)
Laser Light Source: 24 months or 2000 hours whichever is earlier
Note:  Accessories - Power Adaptor, Remote control, Signal cable carry 12 months carry-in warranty.
For Document Camera, 3D Glasses, Point Draw Pen, IR Module, Wireless/HDMI/QCast Dongle and GP2, GP3 Battery carry  3 months carry-in warranty.
Segment
Models
Scenarios
Laser Projector Warranty
Laser / LED Light Source Warranty
Pro-AV optional lens
LU9715 / LU9915 / LU9235 / LX9215
Staging / Event
3 Years On Site
3 Years or 20,000 Hrs
(Whichever is Earlier)
Semi Pro-AV fixed lens
LK970 / LU950 series
Museum / Simulation
3 Years or 15,000 Hrs
L770 / L720 / L890/ L820
Meeting Rooms / Classrooms
3 Years or 10,000 Hrs
(Whicherver is Earlier)
Corporate
LW500 /  LW500ST / LH500
Meeting Rooms
3 Years or 5,000 Hrs
Home Entertainment
X3000i
4K 4LED Home Theatre
Projector Lamp Warranty Definition and Terms
1 Only Fused Lamp-supported in warranty
2 Dimming of lamp, Breakage or Blasting of the lamp – not supported in warranty.
**Lamp is consumable item its brightness keeps on decreasing with the usage. So dimming is not covered in warranty.
**Dimming:  Dimming is a continuous process and it is a natural phenomenon of the projector where brightness of the projector keeps on decreasing with every use.
Best practices recommended by BenQ will help to improving the overall life of the Projector
DOs & DON’Ts
DOs
Please ensure proper grounding ( earthing ) of the site before  installing the PRJ.
Please  use Power Stabilizer / Surge Protector / UPS to regulate the power supply and  avoid power fluctuation/ cut out.
PRJ should be kept under well  cooling system
PRJ should be kept away from dust  and moisture.
Please keep the projector covered  with dust proof covers when not in use
Please give enough time to cool down  the LAMP before switching on the PRJ just after a power off.
PRJ should use under defined on/off  cycles time: example : 2hours on/ 15 minutes off
Please  clean the PRJ periodically to remove dust which will help to keep the  ventilation holes open.
Always open the lens shutter or  remove the lens cap when the projector lamp is on.
DON'Ts
Please do not power off the Projector abruptly, always shut down the Projector properly.
Please do not move / shift the Projector while it is working.
Please do not allow students to  touch / sprinkle water droplets on PRJ.
Please do not clean the Lens Assy with  rough cloth or with cleaning liquids. This cause scratches in the Lens Assy and  the display get blur. Please wipe the lenses with Lens tissues only for cleaning.
Please do not look straight at the projector lens during operation. The intense light beam may damage your eyes.
Please do not block the projector lens with any objects as this could cause the objects to become heated and deformed or even cause a fire. To temporarily turn off the lamp, press BLANK on the projector or remote control
Please do not block the ventilation holes.
- Do not place this projector on a blanket, bedding or any other soft surface.
- Do not cover this projector with a cloth or any other item.
- Do not place inflammable near the projector.
If the ventilation holes are seriously obstructed, overheating inside the projector may result in fire.
Do not place this projector in any of the following environments.
- Space that is poorly ventilated or confined. Allow at least 50 cm clearance from walls and free flow of air around the projector.
- Locations where temperatures may become excessively high, such as the inside of a car rolled up.
- Locations where excessive humidity, dust, or cigarette smoke may contaminate optical components, shorten the projector's life span and darken the image.
Warranty Procedure
To obtain warranty service, end user must provide Proof of original purchase receipt or invoice.
*Note : Online sellers are not authorized by BenQ India to make any representations in respect of “BenQ” branded Projectors, and BenQ India may not be bound by any representations, warranty or  any other benefits offered by these unauthorized sellers to consumers.
Dead on Arrival  (DOA)
If the product fails within 7 days from the date of purchase, and inform to BenQ, customer will log the complaint on BenQ toll free number i.e. 18004199979 after logging the complaint engineer will visit at given address and diagnose there any technical problem due to manufacturing defect and not repairable on-site, complaint will qualify as DOA and will be covered by our DOA warranty replacement process.
For DOA, the Unit should be intact with complete packing and accessories.
OOW Repair Charges
Distance from SVC( To & Fro)
Onsite Visit Charges (INR) per visit
0-40 KM
300+TAX
41-100 KM
500+TAX
101-200 KM
1000+TAX
>201 KM
As per Actual
Product
Diagnosing Charges
Servicing Charge
Part Cost
Standard PRJ Models
300 +Service Tax
1000+ Service Tax (Diagnosing charges waive off)
As per quotation
LCDM / LTV
700+ Service Tax   (Diagnosing charges waive off)
PDP / FHD Video PRJ
500 +Service Tax
1200+ Service Tax (Diagnosing charges waive off)
Pro AV PRJ Series
1500+ service Tax (Diagnosing charges waive off)
Limitation of Liability
Except for the warranties set forth herein, BenQ disclaims all other warranties, expressed, implied, or statutory, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Any implied warranties that may be imposed by applicable law are limited to the terms of this limited warranty. In no event shall BenQ be liable for any incidental, special or consequential, damages, including but not limited to loss of business, profits, data or use, whether in an action in contract or tort or based on a warranty, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the product, even if BenQ had been advised of the possibility of such damages.
If, despite the foregoing limitation, for any reason BenQ becomes liable to you for damages incurred by you in connection with this Warranty Policy, then, the liability of BenQ will be limited to the amount equal to the amount paid by you according to the Proof of Purchase to BenQ or a BenQ authorised distributor or reseller for the product.