FAQ: Shopping FAQ
──────────────────────────────────────────────────
FAQ Video
Sales Terms and Conditions
Shopping FAQ
Order
Shipping
Payment
Return / Refund
Warranty
How do I place an order?
2. Enter your Pin Code (Mandatory field) to check serviceability and estimated time for delivery.
3. Next, go to your "Cart". After you are satisfied with your cart, press "Checkout”. Before checking out, you have an option to login to your member account. Not a member Sign up here !
4. Once the order is complete, you will get an order confirmation, and BenQ will send a confirmation email to you within 24 hours (during business working days). Please check your spam folder if you do not see the email in your inbox.
Can I stack multiple discounts, promotions, or offers?
No, you are not able to stack multiple discounts, promotions, or offers. Each offer, promotion, and discount codes may only be used once.
Can I cancel or change my order?
Once an order has been placed it can be cancelled before shipping. Cancellation button will be active in my account section till shipping not started. After shipping started cancellation is not allowed.
Why was my order canceled?
Your order may have been canceled for the following reasons:
Credit/debit card issues
Incorrect billing address
Multiple declined payments
We recommend contacting your credit card /debit card company if you are continuing to experience issues. We also suggest using a different email address in case the age of your email address may be the issue.
How long will it take to process my order?
Orders placed before 12:00 pm IST Mon-Fri will typically be processed the same day. Orders placed after the cut-off time or on the weekend will be moved to the next business day.
Please note: these times are only an estimate and actual processing length may vary due to circumstances beyond our control.
How can I check my order status?
Don’t have a BenQ account? Check your order status by clicking here:
https://store.benq.com/in-buy/trackorder
We also send email updates during the shipping process. Make sure to check both your inbox and spam folder for updates.
Why I have to upload my PAN card?
For all orders equal or above 2,00,000 INR, PAN card is mandatory to upload as per Indian Law.
Do you offer price matching?
We currently do not offer price matching for BenQ.com. But make sure to become a BenQ Family Member to receive exclusive promotions and deals!
How to sign up as BenQ member?
Follow the
steps
to sign up as BenQ member.
Do you accept international orders?
No, BenQ India don’t accept international orders. We accept orders from the India only.
Are there any shipping fees?
We offer free ground shipping for orders.
How can I get my shipping tracking number?
You will receive a tracking number via email once your package has been shipped. Make sure to check your spam folder if you do not see it in your inbox.
Are you a BenQ Member? Log in to your account to track your order status.
If not, you can also check the status here:
How quickly will I receive my order?
It usually takes 2-7 business days to receive your order. Date of delivery will vary depending on shipping location.
Where is my package?
If the tracking information for your order indicates that your package has been delivered, but you are unable to locate it, here are some steps you can take:
Check the delivery location thoroughly.
Ask your household members, neighbors, or building’s mail office (if applicable) to see if they have seen the package.
Verify that your order’s address does not contain any spelling or numerical errors.
If you still have not found your package, please get in touch with our support team and give us 7 business days to investigate the order. If our investigation confirms that the package is indeed lost, we will issue a refund or replacement. However, if the package has been successfully delivered to its intended destination, it will be non-refundable.
What forms of payment do you accept?
We accept Visa, MasterCard, RuPay, American Express for all orders. We also accept NEFT or RTGS payment.
Do you charge taxes on my orders?
Yes, Tax charges (GST) is already included in price.
Can I apply for a tax (GST) exemption?
Yes. You can use your GST number for claim on online purchases.
Return and Refund
What is your return policy?
Any product purchased on BenQ.com may be returned within 7 days of its original delivery date with free shipping as per our policy (For policy
click
) . All products must be returned in the original packaging with all original items in the box. For more details
Is there any restocking fee?
Please note shipping costs are non-refundable and a restocking fee will be charged if there is physical damage not caused by BenQ or the shipping carrier. Any additional damage or missing items will result in an additional charge.
Can I get a full refund including taxes paid regardless of whether the product is new or refurbished?
For new and refurbished products, you may receive a full refund including tax. Please note shipping costs are non-refundable and a restocking fee will be charged in the event of physical damage not caused by BenQ or the shipping carrier.
How do I make a return?
If your return complies with our policy, please follow these steps:
2. You should see a "Return Order" button to initiate the return.
3. Shortly, you will receive an email with detailed instructions and a free return shipping label. You should receive the email in an hour after initiating the requesting on BenQ.com. Please check your spam folder if you cannot find the email.
4. Once your return is processed, you will receive an RMA number to return the product.
BQin.Shop@BenQ.com
What's the refund process?
Refunds are issued once returned items have been received by BenQ warehouse and it usually takes 2-3 weeks to process. Original shipping charges, if applicable, are not refundable. Refund time may vary based on mode of payment.
What are your warranty conditions?
1. New products
New monitors have a 3-year warranty period. Data & video projectors have 2 years warranty and Laser projector & Laser TV having 3 years onsite warranty. Portable projectors having 2 years RTB (carry -in) warranty support. lamps on new units are warrantied for 1000 hours or 1 year, whichever is earlier.
2. Lighting Products
All lighting products have a 1-year (RTB) warranty period. Lighting products include the Screen Bar series, e-Reading Desk Lamp, e-Reading Floor Lamp, and the Piano Light.
Read more about BenQ’s warranty regulations:
https://www.benq.com/en-in/support/registration-warranty/warranty-checker.html